Quality of Poliaxid
Estimation of the result of the empirical research with machine learning tools

Part one: preliminary graphical analysis to research of coefficients dependence
Thanks using predictive and classification models for the area of machine learning tools is possible significant decrease cost of the verification laboratory research. 
Costs of empirical verification are counted to the Technical cost of production. In production of some chemical active substantiation is necessary to lead laboratory empirical classification to allocate product to separated class of quality. This research can turn out very expensive. In the case of short runs of production, cost of this classification can make all production unprofitable. With the help can come machine learning tools, who can replace expensive laboratory investigation by theoretical judgment. Application of effective prediction model can decrease necessity of costly empirical research to the reasonable minimum. Manual classification would be made in special situation where mode would be ineffective or in case of checking process by random testing.
Case study: laboratory classification of active chemical substance Poliaxid
We will now follow process of making model of machine learning based on the classification by the Random Forest method. Chemical plant produces small amounts expensive chemical substance named Poliaxid.
This substance must meet very rigorous quality requirements. For each charge have to pass special laboratory verification. This empirical trials are expensive and long-lasting. Their cost significantly influence on the overall cost of production. Process of Poliaxid Production is monitored by many gauges. Computer save eleven variables such trace contents of some chemical substances, acidity and density of the substance. There are remarked the level of some of the collected coefficients have relationship with result of the end quality classification. Cause of effect relationship drive to the conclusion — it is possible to create classification model to explain overall process. In this case study we use base, able to download from this address: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX This base contains results of 1593 trials and eleven coefficients saved during the process for each of the trial.
